rule-syntax: Update behavior of metavariable-comparison strip (#453)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/rule-syntax.md

This will catch code like `set_port(80)` or `set_port(443)`, but not `set_port(8080)`.

Comparison expressions support the following language features:

- arithmetic operators: `+`, `-`, `*`, `/`, `%`
- comparison operators: `>`, `>=`, `==`, `!=`, `<=`, `<`, `in`
- boolean logic operators: `not`, `and`, `or`

> - the Python `int(value)` function

Author: ```suggestion
- the Python `int(value: Any) -> str` function
```

> - the Python `int(value: Any) -> str` function

Author: ```suggestion
- the Python `int(value: Any) -> int` function
```

Building off of the previous example this will still catch code like `set_port(80)` but will no longer catch `set_port(443)` or `set_port(8080)`.

The `metavariable-comparison` operator also takes two optional keys.
First, `base: int` sets the integer base the metavariable value should be interpreted as.

For example, `base`:

<iframe src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=R8vN" border="0" frameBorder="0" width="100%" height="435"></iframe>

This will interpret metavariable values found in code as octal, so `0700` will be detected, but `0400` will not.

> Second, `strip: bool` makes Semgrep extract the first group of digits when a string is matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, when a string is matched, with `strip: bool`, Semgrep extracts the first group of digits.
```

For example, `strip`:

<iframe src="https://semgrep.dev/embed/editor?snippet=AlqB" border="0" frameBorder="0" width="100%" height="435"></iframe>

> This will remove quotes (`'`, `"`, and `` ` ``) from both ends of the metavariable content. So `"2147483648"` will be detected but `"2147483646"` will not. This is useful when you expect strings to contain integer or float data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This removes quotes (`'`, `"`, and `` ` ``) from both ends of the metavariable content. So `"2147483648"` is detected, but `"2147483646"` not. This is useful when you expect strings to contain integer or float data.
```

Reviewer: Present simple suffices. :-)

> It will also remove any other non-digit characters. This lets you match a string like `"12px"` and compare against the number `12` from within that string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also removes any other non-digit characters. This enables you to match a string like `"12px"` and compare it against the number `12`.
```

Reviewer: I like that you speak directly to the audience by using the second person!
